MSlice is made and optional dependency of mantidworkbench for conda installs (#39675)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.14.0/Direct_Geometry/MSlice/New_features/39237.rst

> - When mantidworkbench is installed with conda, ``mslice`` becomes an optional dependancy. However ``mslice`` would still be installed explicitly in IDAaaS and inside standalone packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``mslice`` is now an optional dependancy of the ``mantidworkbench`` conda package and must be explicitly installed when required in a conda environment. Full/standalone installers and IDAaaS installations remain unchanged; mslice will be automatically provided there.
```
Suggested rewording to enhance clarity.
